# Guidelines

Integer sequences which play a role in mathematics are welcome, especially sequences
which arise in analysis, number theory and enumerative combinatorics.

In order to ensure a minimum of general interest only sequences will be included
which are already published in the OEIS. Sequences which are marked by the keyword
'base' in the OEIS will, apart from some exceptions, not included.

A source module should in general not provide a single sequence but a family of
closely related sequences or of sequences generated by a particular method.
We strive for a systematic exposition not for exotic examples.

Generally we expect two implementations, one giving the n-th term of the sequence
and one giving the initial segment of the sequence of length len; additionally
aliases which refer to the A-number in the Online Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences.

The functions have to be able to handle arbitrary large return values. This
means that we have to use arbitrary precision integers. We have decided to use
Nemo.fmpz for this purpose and not Julia.BigInt. The main reason for this decision
is that the implementation of many functions make use of Nemo.

Obviously a sequence can be implemented in many different ways. When an
implementation of a sequence is contributed it will be included only if it
has some significant advantages over the existing one. The politics is that
the implementation which is replaced is not deleted; rather it is commented
out and can still be compared to the current version.

# Naming conventions

There are six types of names which reference a sequence in the OEIS.

    * "A": A123456(n) returns a single term of A123456.
    * "B": B123456(bound) returns 0 ≤ A123456(k) ≤ bound.
    * "C": C123456() is a coroutine (channel) generating A123456.
    * "L": L123456(len) lists the initial segment of length 'len' of A123456.
    * "M": M123456(dim) returns a lower triangular matrix of shape dim × dim.    
    * "T": T123456(dim) returns a lower triangular array with dim rows.
    We also use
    * names like BellNumber(n).

# The use of the OEIS A-numbers

Names like "B123456", "L123456", "T123456" etc. refer to the OEIS entry A123456.
However, this is to be understood as a reference to the best match in the database,
not as an exact match.

For example the corner cases n=0 and n=1 are for various reasons often difficult
to define or are not defined at all. Also triangular arrays in the OEIS are often
(1,1) based whereas triangles here are always (0,0) based (which in most cases
means that an additional first column 1, 0, 0,... is added). In all these cases
we might not provide an exact match with the OEIS and not even try to do so.

Small deviations in the first few terms or with regard to the offset given in the
OEIS are accepted. Our directive is to take the sequence that corresponds to a general
generating method. We give the formal representation precedence over interpretation.

On the other hand, most of the tests consist of a direct comparison with values
from the database, which are taken from the local file "stripped" (in the directory
'data'), which can be downloaded from the OEIS.

# Layout of modules

 A source file has two modules

    module X
    ----
    end # module

    module XTest
    ----
    end # module

The first module defines and exports the functions you want to present. Note the
format and naming conventions below:

    module X
    export fun

    doc"""
    """
    function fun
    end
    end # module

The second module is the test module.

    module XTest
    using Base.Test, X

    function test()
        @testset "X" begin
        end
    end

    function demo() end

    doc"""
    """
    function perf() end

   end # module

In the build of the module MathIntSeq the files will be parsed. Source files
which do not comply closely with the above layout will produce parser errors.

In the test module only the function perf() has a document string which
records the results of the benchmarks.
